documentation updates (#55)
pegasystems/pega-helm-charts: docs/Deploying-Pega-on-GKE.md

    - **Node pools: default-pool - Machine configuration > Machine family**: select the "General-purpose" tab.

    - **Node pools: default-pool - Machine configuration > Series**: select "N1".

    - **Node pools: default-pool - Machine configuration > Machine type**: For a minimum, select n1-highmem-4 (4 vCPU **Cores** and 26 GB **Memory**); however using n1-highmem-8 (8 vCPU **Cores** and 52 GB **Memory**) is ideal for deployments that will process heavier workloads.

    The remaining fields can be left to their default values; however, if you have specific cluster requirements, update the template with your changes before proceeding.

6. Scroll to the bottom of the page and click **Create**.

### Create a database resource

GKE deployments require you to install Pega Platform software in an SQL database. After you create an SQL instance that is available to your GKE cluster, you must create a PostSQL database in which to install Pega Platform. When you are finished, you will need the database name and the SQL instance IP address which you create in this procedure in order to add this information to your “pega” Helm chart.

#### Create an SQL instance

> To begin, create an SQL instance that is available to your GKE cluster. In this example, we create an SQL instance in GCP; however, you can create or use an database resource that is available to the GKE cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin, create an SQL instance that is available to your GKE cluster. In this example, we create an SQL instance in GCP; however, you can create or use any database resource that is available to the GKE cluster.
```

1. Use a browser to log onto <https://cloud.google.com/> and navigate to your
    **Console** in the upper right corner.

2. In your **Google Cloud Platform** console, use the **Navigation Menu** to go
    to **Storage** grouping and select **SQL**.

3. In the **SQL** page, click **+Create Instance**.

4. In the **Choose your database engine** screen, click **Choose PostgreSQL**.

5. In the **Create PostgreSQL instance** page, add details to the following
    required fields for this database server:

    a. In **Instance ID**, enter a database server ID. (demo-runbook-sql1)

    b. In **Default user password**, enter a “postgres” user password.

    c. Select an appropriate **Region** and **Zone** for your database server. Select the same zone or region that you used to create your GKE cluster.

    d. In **Database version**, select **PostgreSQL 11**.

    e. In **Configuration options \> Connectivity**, select **Public IP**, click **+ Add Network**, enter a **Name** and **Network** of one or more IP address to whitelist for this PostgreSQL database, and click **Done**.
    

>     As a best practice, you should add the following IP addresses: your local system from where you install helm, the worker nodes of the cluster. One method for finding the IP address for worker nodes of the cluster is to use the command `kubectl describe nodes | grep ExternalIP`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As a best practice, you should add the following IP addresses: your local system from where you install helm, and the worker nodes of the cluster. One method for finding the IP address for worker nodes of the cluster is to use the command `kubectl describe nodes | grep ExternalIP`.
```

6. In **Configuration options \> Machine type and storage**:

    - For **Machine type**, select n1-highmem-2 (2 vCPU **Cores** and 13 GB **Memory**).

    - For **Network throughput**, select **SSD (Recommended)**.

    - For **Storage capacity**, enter **20 GB** and select **Enable automatic
    storage increases**.

7. Configure the remaining setting using the default values:

    - For **Auto backups and high availability**, backups can be automated 1AM –
    5AM in a single zone.

    - For **Flags**, no flags are required.

    - **For Maintenance**, any preference is supported.

    - For **Labels**, no labels are required. Labels can help clarify billing details for your GKE resources.

8. Click **Create**.

    You can see a deployment progress page displayed until your database server
deployment is complete, which can take up to 5 minutes. When complete, the GCP UI
displays all of the SQL resources in your account, which includes your newly created PostgreSQL database:

![cid:image007.png\@01D5A3B1.62812F70](media/9aa072ea703232c2f6651fe95854e8dc.62812f70)

#### Create a database in your SQL instance

> You must create a PostSQL database in your new SQL instance into which you will install Pega Platform. Use the database editing tool of your choice to log into your SQL instance and create this new PostgreSQL database. The following example was completed using pgAdmin4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must create a PostgreSQL database in your new SQL instance into which you will install Pega Platform. Use the database editing tool of your choice to log into your SQL instance and create this new PostgreSQL database. The following example was completed using pgAdmin4.
```

1. Use a database editor tool, such as pgadmin4, to log into your SQL instance.

  You can find your access information and login credentials, by selecting the SQL instance in the GCP console.

2. In the database editor tool, navigate to Databases and create a new database.

  Pega does not require any additional configuration.

> With your SQL service IP address and your new database name, you are ready to continute to the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your SQL service IP address and your new database name, you are ready to continue to the next section.
```

    account: [your Google account]
    disable_usage_reporting: [your response during authorization]
  [compute]
    zone: [your selected zone]
```

3. View your all of your GKE cluster names and status of each, enter:

`$ gcloud container clusters list`

Your cluster name is displayed in the **Name** field.

4. Download the cluster Kubeconfig access credential file, which is specific to your cluster, into your \<local filepath\>/.kube directory, enter:

```yaml
$ gcloud container clusters get-credentials <cluster-name> -z <zone-name>
Fetching cluster endpoint and auth data.
kubeconfig entry generated for <cluster-name>.
```

If your gcloud configuration includes the zone you chose for your cluster, you can skip adding the `-z <zone-name>` option to the command.

5. View the nodes in your GKE cluster, including cluster names and status.

```yaml
$ kubectl get nodes
NAME                                             STATUS   ROLES    AGE    VERSION
gke-taz-gke-runbook-default-pool-7fd38759-2dzk   Ready    <none>   3d2h   v1.13.11-gke.14
gke-taz-gke-runbook-default-pool-7fd38759-qq4h   Ready    <none>   3d2h   v1.13.11-gke.14
```

> 6. Install the Kubernetes dashobard by applying an available version on Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Install the Kubernetes dashboard by applying an available version on Github.
```

```yaml
$ kubectl create clusterrolebinding dashboard-admin -n kube-system --clusterrole=cluster-admin --serviceaccount=kube-system:kubernetes-dashboard
```

10. Start the proxy server for the Kubernetes dashboard.

`$ kubectl proxy`

11. To access the Dashboard UI, open a browser and navigate to the following:

<http://localhost:8001/api/v1/namespaces/kube-system/services/https:kubernetes-dashboard:/proxy/>

12. In the **Kubernetes Dashboard** sign in window, choose the appropriate authentication method:

- To use a cluster Kubeconfig access credential file: select **Kubeconfig**, navigate to your \<local filepath\>/.kube directory and select the config file. Click **SIGN IN**.

- To use a cluster a Kubeconfig token: select **Token** and paste your
    Kubeconfig token into the **Enter token** area. Click **SIGN IN**.

    You can now view your deployment details visually using the Kubernetes dashboard. You will use this dashboard to review the status of your deployment as you continue. At this point, with no deployment, you only see the GKE resources. Note that the Kubernetes dashboard does not display your GKE cluster name or your resource name. This is expected behavior.

>     In order to continue using the Kubernetes dashboard to see the progress of your deployment, keep this Linux shell prompt open and open a new one for the remaining steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In order to continue using the Kubernetes dashboard to see the progress of your deployment, keep this Linux shell open and open a new one for the remaining steps.
```

13. Open a new Linux bash shell and change the location to the top folder of your gke-demo directory.

`$ cd /home/<local filepath>/gke-demo`

14. Create namespaces for both your Pega deployment and the addons:

```yaml
$ kubectl create namespace mypega-gke-demo
namespace/mypega-gke-demo created
$ kubectl create namespace pegaaddons
namespace/pegaaddons created
```

> 15. Install the addons chart, which you already updated during the prepping a local system for your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Install the addons chart, which you already updated when prepping your local system for your deployment.
```

16. To deploy Pega Platform for the first time by specifying to install Pega Platform into the database you specified in the Helm chart, install the pega.yaml Helm chart using the '--set global.actions.execute=install-deploy' option.

```yaml
helm install mypega-gke-demo pega/pega --namespace mypega-gke-demo --values pega.yaml --set global.actions.execute=install-deploy
NAME: mypega-gke-demo
LAST DEPLOYED: Fri Jan  3 19:00:19 2020
NAMESPACE: mypega-gke-demo
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None
```

For subsequent Helm installs, use the command `helm install mypega-gke-demo pega/pega --namespace mypega-gke-demo` to deploy Pega Platform and avoid another Pega Platform installation.

A successful Pega deployment immediately returns details that show progress for your `mypega-gke-demo` deployment.

17. Refresh the Kubernetes dashboard you opened in step 8. If you closed the dashboard, open a new command prompt and relaunch the browser as directed in Step 10.

> 18. In the dashboard, use the **Namespace** pulldown to change the view to `mypega-gke-demo` and click on the **Pods** view. Initiallly, you can some pods have a red status, which means they are initializing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
18. In the dashboard, use the **Namespace** pulldown to change the view to `mypega-gke-demo` and click on the **Pods** view. Initially, some pods will have a red status, which means they are initializing:
```
